Didactic overview (#1439)
hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv: CHANGELOG.md

- There are now notifications when viewing an exercise replay whenever a measure is taken or a scoutable element is viewed.
- There is now a banner that is displayed when the application is unable to start properly, informing the user about potential causes.

> - There is now a didactic overview for trainers in "Auswertung" -> "Didaktische Übersicht" wich allows trainers to set criteria see live results. In the Parallel Overview an equivalent overview for all instances has been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is now a didactic overview for trainers in "Auswertung" -> "Didaktische Übersicht" which allows trainers to set criteria and see live results. In the parallel exercise dashboard an equivalent overview for all instances has been added.
```
